refactor: refactor GreptimeDB k8s deployment part (#1187)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/deployments/deploy-on-kubernetes/deploy-greptimedb-cluster.md

You should see output similar to this:
```bash
NAME                                      READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
greptimedb-datanode-0                     1/1     Running   0          30s
greptimedb-datanode-2                     1/1     Running   0          30s
greptimedb-datanode-1                     1/1     Running   0          30s
greptimedb-frontend-7476dcf45f-tw7mx      1/1     Running   0          16s
greptimedb-meta-689cb867cd-cwsr5          1/1     Running   0          31s
```

## Advanced Configuration Options

### Use Object Storage as backend storage
To store data on Object Storage (here is example to store on Amazon S3), add the following configuration to your Helm command:

```bash
helm install greptimedb \
  --set meta.etcdEndpoints=etcd.etcd-cluster.svc.cluster.local:2379 \
  --set objectStorage.s3.bucket=<your-bucket> \
  --set objectStorage.s3.region=<region-of-bucket> \
  --set objectStorage.s3.root=<root-directory-of-data> \
  --set objectStorage.credentials.accessKeyId=<your-access-key-id> \
  --set objectStorage.credentials.secretAccessKey=<your-secret-access-key> \
  greptime/greptimedb-cluster \
  --create-namespace \
  -n greptimedb-cluster
```

> ### Using RemoteWAL and enable the Region Failover

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using Remote WAL and enable the Region Failover
```

> If you want to enable RemoteWAL and region failover, follow this configuration. You’ll need a Kafka cluster running, and you can use its endpoint like `kafka.kafka-cluster.svc.cluster.local:9092`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to enable Remote WAL and region failover, follow this configuration. You’ll need a Kafka cluster running, and you can use its endpoint like `kafka.kafka-cluster.svc.cluster.local:9092`:
```

```bash
helm install greptimedb \
  --set meta.etcdEndpoints=etcd.etcd-cluster.svc.cluster.local:2379 \
  --set meta.enableRegionFailover=true \
  --set objectStorage.s3.bucket=<your-bucket> \
  --set objectStorage.s3.region=<region-of-bucket> \
  --set objectStorage.s3.root=<root-directory-of-data> \

>   --set objectStorage.credentials.accessKeyId=<your-access-key-id> \

Reviewer: maybe we can remove the object storage options if they are unnecessary for the remote WAL and region failover?

Author: No, the object storage is required for region failover

To control resource allocation (CPU and memory), modify the Helm installation command as follows:

```shell
helm install greptimedb \
  --set meta.etcdEndpoints=etcd.etcd-cluster.svc.cluster.local:2379 \
  --set meta.podTemplate.main.resources.requests.cpu=<cpu-resource> \
  --set meta.podTemplate.main.resources.requests.memory=<mem-resource> \
  --set datanode.podTemplate.main.resources.requests.cpu=<cpu-resource> \
  --set datanode.podTemplate.main.resources.requests.memory=<mem-resource> \
  --set frontend.podTemplate.main.resources.requests.cpu=<cpu-resource> \
  --set frontend.podTemplate.main.resources.requests.memory=<mem-resource> \
  greptime/greptimedb-cluster \
  --create-namespace \
  -n greptimedb-cluster
```

### Complex configurations with values.yaml

For more intricate configurations, first download the default `values.yaml` file and modify it locally.

```bash
curl -sLo values.yaml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GreptimeTeam/helm-charts/main/charts/greptimedb-cluster/values.yaml
```

You can configure each component by specifying custom settings in the `configData` fields. For more details, refer to the [configuration](../configuration.md) documentation. 

> Below is an example of how to modify the settings in the `values.yaml` file. This example demonstrates how to configure specific components within GreptimeDB. It sets the metasrv's selector type to `round_robin`, adjusts the datanode’s Mito engine by setting `global_write_buffer_size` to `4GB`, and configures the frontend's meta client `ddl_timeout` to `60s`:

Reviewer: The example should use common configurations.
Is these common configurations that users need to be concerned about?
